README.md, before:

## timecode converter

<!-- _One liner + link to confluence page_
_Screenshot of UI - optional_ -->

A dependency free `timecode-converter` mode module utility. That can be used either client side or server side. Originally extracted form [`@bbc/react-transcript-editor/packages/util/timecode-converter`](https://github.com/bbc/react-transcript-editor/tree/master/packages/util/timecode-converter), and original code domain logic from [@bevand10](https://github.com/bevand10) 🙌

<details><summary>Why publish it as a standalone module?</summary>

The problem of exporting it from [`@bbc/react-transcript-editor`](https://github.com/bbc/react-transcript-editor) or [`@pietrop/slate-transcript-editor`](https://github.com/pietrop/slate-transcript-editor) is that, somehow it ends up expecting react as a peer dependency. 

And beside that not being ideal, it can cause problems with [](https://github.com/pietrop/edl-composer)
</details>


## Setup

<!-- _stack - optional_
_How to build and run the code/app_ -->

```
git clone git@github.com:pietrop/timecode-converter.git
```
```
cd timecode-converter
```
```
npm install
```
## Usage
Some example, see the test files more more 
```js
import { secondsToTimecode, timecodeToSeconds, shortTimecode } from "@pietrop/ timecode-converter";

const result1 = secondsToTimecode(600);
// '00:10:00:00'

const result2 = timecodeToSeconds( '00:10:00:00');
// 600

const result3 = shortTimecode(0)
// '00:00:00'

const result4 = shortTimecode( '00:10:00:00')
//  '00:10:00'
```
## System Architecture

<!-- _High level overview of system architecture_ -->

A node module 

<!-- ## Documentation

There's a [docs](./docs) folder in this repository.

[docs/notes](./docs/notes) contains dev draft notes on various aspects of the project. This would generally be converted either into ADRs or guides when ready.

[docs/adr](./docs/adr) contains [Architecture Decision Record](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/architecture_decision_record).

> An architectural decision record (ADR) is a document that captures an important architectural decision made along with its context and consequences.

We are using [this template for ADR](https://gist.github.com/iaincollins/92923cc2c309c2751aea6f1b34b31d95) -->

## Development env

 _How to run the development environment_ -->

- npm > `6.1.0`
- [Node 12](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v12.x/api/)

Node version is set in node version manager [`.nvmrc`](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#nvmrc)

```
nvm use
```


<!-- _Coding style convention ref optional, eg which linter to use_ -->

<!-- _Linting, github pre-push hook - optional_ -->

## Build

<!-- _How to run build_ -->
_NA_
## Tests

<!-- _How to carry out tests_ -->
There are some tests, but in the module migration the test suite is currently ❌ 🤷‍♂️

## Deployment

<!-- _How to deploy the code/app into test/staging/production_ -->

To publish to npm 
```
npm run publish:public
```
and for pre-flight checks 🔦🛫 
```
npm run publish:dry:run
```

Commit message:

updated so that tests can pass

README.md, after:

## timecode converter

<!-- _One liner + link to confluence page_
_Screenshot of UI - optional_ -->

A dependency free `timecode-converter` mode module utility. That can be used either client side or server side. Originally extracted form [`@bbc/react-transcript-editor/packages/util/timecode-converter`](https://github.com/bbc/react-transcript-editor/tree/master/packages/util/timecode-converter), and original code domain logic from [@bevand10](https://github.com/bevand10) 🙌

<details><summary>Why publish it as a standalone module?</summary>

The problem of exporting it from [`@bbc/react-transcript-editor`](https://github.com/bbc/react-transcript-editor) or [`@pietrop/slate-transcript-editor`](https://github.com/pietrop/slate-transcript-editor) is that, somehow it ends up expecting react as a peer dependency. 

And besides that not being ideal, or good practice, not only it can cause problems with keeping up with react peer dependency of other modules, but also add that as a peer dependency to other module consuming it, such as [@pietrop/edl-composer](https://github.com/pietrop/edl-composer) that doesn't really need any of that.
</details>


## Setup

<!-- _stack - optional_
_How to build and run the code/app_ -->

```
git clone git@github.com:pietrop/timecode-converter.git
```
```
cd timecode-converter
```
```
npm install
```
## Usage
Some example, see the test files more more 
```js
import { secondsToTimecode, timecodeToSeconds, shortTimecode } from "@pietrop/ timecode-converter";

const result1 = secondsToTimecode(600);
// '00:10:00:00'

const result2 = timecodeToSeconds( '00:10:00:00');
// 600

const result3 = shortTimecode(0)
// '00:00:00'

const result4 = shortTimecode( '00:10:00:00')
//  '00:10:00'
```
## System Architecture

<!-- _High level overview of system architecture_ -->

A node module 

<!-- ## Documentation

There's a [docs](./docs) folder in this repository.

[docs/notes](./docs/notes) contains dev draft notes on various aspects of the project. This would generally be converted either into ADRs or guides when ready.

[docs/adr](./docs/adr) contains [Architecture Decision Record](https://github.com/joelparkerhenderson/architecture_decision_record).

> An architectural decision record (ADR) is a document that captures an important architectural decision made along with its context and consequences.

We are using [this template for ADR](https://gist.github.com/iaincollins/92923cc2c309c2751aea6f1b34b31d95) -->

## Development env

 _How to run the development environment_ -->

- npm > `6.1.0`
- [Node 12](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v12.x/api/)

Node version is set in node version manager [`.nvmrc`](https://github.com/creationix/nvm#nvmrc)

```
nvm use
```


<!-- _Coding style convention ref optional, eg which linter to use_ -->

<!-- _Linting, github pre-push hook - optional_ -->

## Build

<!-- _How to run build_ -->
_NA_
## Tests

<!-- _How to carry out tests_ -->

```
npm run test
```

see [Jest & ECMAScript Modules](https://jestjs.io/docs/ecmascript-modules) in their docs, for more info.


## Deployment

<!-- _How to deploy the code/app into test/staging/production_ -->

To publish to npm 
```
npm run publish:public
```
and for pre-flight checks 🔦🛫 
```
npm run publish:dry:run
```
